add Hardware Reuse code sample (#4)
juny-lim/oneAPI-samples-fork: DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/Tutorials/Features/experimental/hardware_reuse/README.md

# `Hardware Reuse` Sample

This sample is a tutorial that demonstrates how to reuse hardware in your FPGA designs by using loops and task sequences.

| Area                 | Description
|:--                   |:--
| What you will learn  | How to code your FPGA SYCL program to reuse hardware that has same functionality
| Time to complete     | 30 minutes
| Category             | Concepts and Functionality

## Purpose

> In normal operation, the oneAPI FPGA compiler automatically in-lines repeated function calls, creating multiple instances of hardware that can run in parallel. This in-lining strategy is necessary to achieve high throughput, but in cases where you want to minimize area utilization, you may wish to sacrifice throughput and allow certain functions to be re-used. This sample demonstrates two strategies to re-use hardware in your designs:

Reviewer: oneAPI FPGA compiler -> Intel® oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler

re-use -> reuse

> 1. Calling a function in a loop will cause it to only be instantiated once

Reviewer: will cause -> causes

> 2. Launching a task sequence with a function callback lets you re-use a function in cases where it is not practical to re-use it in a loop.

Reviewer: re-use -> reuse

## Prerequisites

| Optimized for        | Description
|:---                  |:---

> | OS                   | Ubuntu* 20.04 <br> RHEL*/CentOS* 8 <br> SUSE* 15 <br> Windows* 10 <br> Windows Server* 2019

Reviewer: CentOS went EOL in 2021. Should we still be listing it?

> | Hardware             | Intel® Agilex® 7, Arria® 10, and Stratix® 10 FPGAs

Reviewer: Intel® Agilex® -> Agilex™

Author: remain Intel branding here until whole code sample to be refreshed in once

| Software             | Intel® oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler

> **Note**: Even though the Intel DPC++/C++ oneAPI compiler is enough to compile for emulation, generating reports and generating RTL, there are extra software requirements for the simulation flow and FPGA compiles.
>

> > To use the simulator flow, Intel® Quartus® Prime Pro Edition (or Standard Edition when targeting Cyclone® V) and one of the following simulators must be installed and accessible through your PATH:

Reviewer: Intel® Quartus® Prime -> Quartus® Prime

...your PATH: -> ...your PATH environment variable setting:

> - Questa*-Intel® FPGA Edition
> - Questa*-Intel® FPGA Starter Edition
> - ModelSim® SE
>

> > When using the hardware compile flow, Intel® Quartus® Prime Pro Edition (or Standard Edition when targeting Cyclone® V) must be installed and accessible through your PATH.

Reviewer: Intel® Quartus® Prime -> Quartus® Prime

Author: remain Intel branding here until whole code sample to be refreshed in once

>

> > **Warning** Make sure you add the device files associated with the FPGA that you are targeting to your Intel® Quartus® Prime installation.

Reviewer: Intel® Quartus® Prime -> Quartus® Prime

Author: remain Intel branding here until whole code sample to be refreshed in once

By sharing the compute block using a loop or task sequence, we can tell the compiler to re-use the compute block, and avoid replicating the compute block hardware on the FPGA. The important trade-off made by resource sharing is that multiple invocations of the same compute block will block each other, so the II of the loop in which the shared compute block is called will increase.

### Resource sharing with a loop
Instead of invoking the `OpSqrt()` function one by one, you may re-use the function by calling it in a loop. In the `loop` directory, the device code calls the `OpSqrt()` function in a loop.

```c++
struct VectorOp{
  int len;

  void operator()() const{
    constexpr D3Vector coef1 = {0.2, 0.3, 0.4};
    constexpr D3Vector coef2 = {0.6, 0.7, 0.8};

    D3Vector new_item;

    // Calling OpSqrt() in a loop will re-use it
    for (int i = 0; i < 3; i++){
      D3Vector item = InputPipeA::read();
      new_item[i] = OpSqrt(item, coef1);
    }

    // Another square root block 
    // will be generated for this function call
    OutputPipeZ::write(OpSqrt(new_item, coef2));
  }
};
```

<img src="assets/hardware_reuse_loop.svg" />

> This is a simple, but effective way to share a resource, but it is not always convenient to put _all_ instances of a function call into the same loop. consider the fourth call to `OpSqrt()`, which depends on the outputs of the first three calls. We could write the complex multiplexer logic to select whether the `OpSqrt()` function should be processing the outputs from the reads from `InputPipeA` or combining the outputs of the first three calls, but this code would be hard to read and debug. A better solution is to use task sequences to let the compiler generate this logic for us.

Reviewer: This "what"?

Avoid using just "this". It can often be unclear or ambiguous as to what the "this" is referring to.

This code? This example? This class? This technique?

    task_a.async(new_item, coef2);
    OutputPipeZ::write(task_a.get());
  }
};
```

<img src="assets/hardware_reuse_taskseq.svg" />

## Sample Structure
The 3 different example designs in this sample perform similar operations. You may compare the C++ source files to see the code changes that are necessary to apply hardware reuse.

1. [Naive](1_naive/src/main.cpp) The component directly implements square root of dot product four times and each of them generates the hardware for its own use. 
2. [Looping](2_loop/src/main.cpp) Square root of dot product with same level of of data path are group together, and invoked in the 'for' loop. The hardware are shared by each invocation in the loop. Another square root of dot product, which is involed at the return point, generates its own hardware.
3. [Task sequence](3_task_sequence/src/main.cpp) Square root of dot product is invoked with a same task sequence object, both in the loop and at the return point. The hardware of it is shared by each invocation of the task.

## Build the `hardware_reuse` Tutorial
> **Note**: When working with the command-line interface (CLI), you should configure the oneAPI toolkits using environment variables.

> > Set up your CLI environment by sourcing the `setvars` script located in the root of your oneAPI installation every time you open a new terminal window.

Reviewer: `setvars` -> `setvars` or `oneapi-vars`

Author: remain template as it is to be compatible with latest and aligned with all other code sample

> This practice ensures that your compiler, libraries, and tools are ready for development.
>

> > Linux*:

Reviewer: Out of date information.

Refer to https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/docs/oneapi/programming-guide/current/use-the-setvars-and-oneapi-vars-scripts-with-linux.html to get the correct information.

Author: remain template as it is to be compatible with latest and aligned with all other code sample

> - For system wide installations: `. /opt/intel/oneapi/setvars.sh`
> - For private installations: ` . ~/intel/oneapi/setvars.sh`
> - For non-POSIX shells, like csh, use the following command: `bash -c 'source <install-dir>/setvars.sh ; exec csh'`
>

> > Windows*:

Reviewer: Out of date information.

Refer to https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/docs/oneapi/programming-guide/current/use-the-setvars-and-oneapi-vars-scripts-with.html for the correct information.

Author: remain template as it is to be compatible with latest and aligned with all other code sample

> - `C:\"Program Files (x86)"\Intel\oneAPI\setvars.bat`
> - Windows PowerShell*, use the following command: `cmd.exe "/K" '"C:\Program Files (x86)\Intel\oneAPI\setvars.bat" && powershell'`
>

> > For more information on configuring environment variables, see [Use the setvars Script with Linux* or macOS*](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/documentation/oneapi-programming-guide/top/oneapi-development-environment-setup/use-the-setvars-script-with-linux-or-macos.html) or [Use the setvars Script with Windows*](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/documentation/oneapi-programming-guide/top/oneapi-development-environment-setup/use-the-setvars-script-with-windows.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> For more information on configuring environment variables, see [Use the setvars Script with Linux* or macOS*](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/docs/oneapi/programming-guide/current/use-the-setvars-and-oneapi-vars-scripts-with-linux.html or [Use the setvars Script with Windows*](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/docs/oneapi/programming-guide/current/use-the-setvars-and-oneapi-vars-scripts-with-linux.html).
```

Use these commands to run the design, depending on your OS.

> ### On Linux* System

Reviewer: "On Linux* System**s**" or  "On **a** Linux System"

1. Change to the sample directory.

> 2. Configure the build system for the Agilex® 7 device family, which is the default.

Reviewer: Agilex® -> Agilex™

Author: remain Intel branding here until whole code sample to be refreshed in once

   >|----------------------------------------------|-----------------------|----------------|
   >| Naive                                        | naive/                | `NAIVE`        |
   >| Loop                                         | loop/                 | `LOOP`         |
   >| Task sequence                                | task-sequence/        | `TASK_SEQUENCE`|
   
   > **Note**: You can override the default target by using the command:
   >  ```
   >  cmake .. -DFPGA_DEVICE=<FPGA device family or FPGA part number> -DTYPE=<NAIVE/LOOP/TASK_SEQUENCE>
   >  ```

3. Compile the design. (The provided targets match the recommended development flow.)

   1. Compile for emulation (fast compile time, targets emulates an FPGA device).
      ```
      make fpga_emu
      ```
   2. Generate the HTML optimization reports.
      ```
      make report
      ```
   3. Compile for simulation (fast compile time, targets simulator FPGA device).
      ```
      make fpga_sim
      ```
   4. Compile with Quartus place and route (To get accurate area estimate, longer compile time).
      ```
      make fpga
      ```

> ### On Windows* System

Reviewer: "On Windows System**s**" or "On **a** Windows* System"

1. Change to the sample directory.

> 2. Configure the build system for the Intel® Agilex® 7 device family, which is the default.

Reviewer: Intel® Agilex® -> Agilex™

Author: remain Intel branding here until whole code sample to be refreshed in once

   style tier1 fill:#0071c1,stroke:#0071c1,stroke-width:1px,color:#fff
   style tier2 fill:#f96,stroke:#333,stroke-width:1px,color:#fff
   style tier3 fill:#0071c1,stroke:#0071c1,stroke-width:1px,color:#fff
   style tier4 fill:#0071c1,stroke:#0071c1,stroke-width:1px,color:#fff
```

Find more information about how to navigate this part of the code samples in the [FPGA top-level README.md](/DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/README.md).
You can also find more information about [troubleshooting build errors](/DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/README.md#troubleshooting), [running the sample on the Intel® DevCloud](/DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/README.md#build-and-run-the-samples-on-intel-devcloud-optional), [using Visual Studio Code with the code samples](/DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/README.md#use-visual-studio-code-vs-code-optional), [links to selected documentation](/DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/README.md#documentation), etc.

## Key Implementation Details

This sample illustrates some key concepts:
- Simple hardware reuse by invoking the function task in a 'for' loop.
- More flexible hardware reuse by invoking the function task using a task sequence wrapper object.

> This tutorial demonstrates a design that computes the 'square root of a dot product' multiple times. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### No resource sharing
This tutorial demonstrates a design that computes the 'square root of a dot product' multiple times. This function is contained within `OpSqrt()`. Without resource sharing, multiple identical compute blocks for `OpSqrt()` are generated on the FPGA. 
```

<table>
<tr>
<td>

```c++
D3Vector new_item, item;

item = InputPipeA::read();
new_item[0] = OpSqrt(item, coef1);
item = InputPipeA::read();
new_item[1] = OpSqrt(item, coef1);
item = InputPipeA::read();
new_item[2] = OpSqrt(item, coef1);

OutputPipeZ::write(OpSqrt(new_item, coef2));
```

</td>

<td>
<img src="assets/hardware_reuse_naive.svg" />
</td>

</tr>
</table>

> Without resource sharing, multiple identical compute blocks for square root of dot product are generated on the FPGA. However by sharing the compute block using a loop or task sequence, we can tell the compiler to re-use the compute block, and avoid replicating the compute block hardware on the FPGA. The important trade-off made by resource sharing is that multiple invocations of the same task block each other, so the II of the top level component will increase.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By sharing the compute block using a loop or task sequence, we can tell the compiler to re-use the compute block, and avoid replicating the compute block hardware on the FPGA. The important trade-off made by resource sharing is that multiple invocations of the same compute block will block each other, so the II of the loop in which the shared compute block is called will increase.
```

that sentence about resource sharing is the only sentence in the whole paragraph that discusses non-shared functions, so i moved it up to the previous paragaraph.

### Resource sharing with a loop

> Instead of invoking the square root function one by one, you may re-use the function by calling it in a loop. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Instead of invoking the `OpSqrt()` function one by one, you may re-use the function by calling it in a loop. In the `loop` directory, the device code calls the `OpSqrt()` function in a loop.
```
You refer to this function by several different names ('square root of dot product', 'square root', etc.). Better to use just one name for it 😊

I like the little description you had in the 'task sequence object' paragraph.

<table>
<tr>
<td>

```c++
struct VectorOp{
  int len;

  void operator()() const{
    constexpr D3Vector coef1 = {0.2, 0.3, 0.4};
    constexpr D3Vector coef2 = {0.6, 0.7, 0.8};

    D3Vector new_item;

    // Calling OpSqrt() in a loop will re-use it

>     for (int i = 0; i < len; i++){

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    for (int i = 0; i < 3; i++){
```
the number of iterations depends on the size of `D3Vector` and shouldn't be a runtime variable.

      D3Vector item = InputPipeA::read();
      new_item[i] = OpSqrt(item, coef1);
    }

    // Another square root block 
    // will be generated for this function call
    OutputPipeZ::write(OpSqrt(new_item, coef2));
  }
};
```

</td>

<td>
<img src="assets/hardware_reuse_loop.svg" />
</td>

</tr>
</table>

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

This is a simple, but effective way to share a resource, but it is not always convenient to put _all_ instances of a function call into the same loop. consider the fourth call to `OpSqrt()`, which depends on the outputs of the first three calls. We could write the complex multiplexer logic to select whether the `OpSqrt()` function should be processing the outputs from the reads from `InputPipeA` or combining the outputs of the first three calls, but this code would be hard to read and debug. A better solution is to use task sequences to let the compiler generate this logic for us.
```

Add a note to explain why just using loops isn't always a perfect solution

### Resource sharing with a task sequence object

> Each task sequence class object represents a specific instantiation of FPGA hardware to perform the task function operation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To use a task sequence in your design, include the `<sycl/ext/intel/experimental/task_sequence.hpp>` header file in your source code. The `task_sequence` class is a templated class with 3 parameters:

| Template Parameter | Type     | Default Value | Description
|--------------------|----------|---------------|---
| Task function      | callable | N/A           | A callable object `f` that defines the asynchronous task to be associated with the `task_sequence`. The callable object `f` must meet the following requirements: <br> • The object `f` must be statically resolvable at compile time, which means it is not a function pointer. <br> • The object `f` must not be an overloaded function. <br> • The return type (`ReturnT`) and argument types (`ArgsT…`) of object f must be resolvable and fixed.
| Invocation Capacity* | `uint32_t` | 1 | The size of the hardware queue instantiated for `async()` function calls.
| Response Capacity* | `uint32_t` | 1 | The size of the hardware queue instantiated to hold task function results.

> *Invocation capacity and response capacity are optional 
The following example shows how to use task sequences to

Each task sequence class object represents a specific instantiation of FPGA hardware to perform the operation defined by the 'Task function' parameter.
```

briefly explain the API

> Launching tasks via the `async()` function calls on the same object results in the reuse of that object's hardware. Thus, you can control the reuse or replication of FPGA hardware by the number of `task_sequence` objects you declare. Since object lifetime is confined to the scope in which the `task_sequence` object is created, carefully declare your object in the scope in which you intend to perform its reuse.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Launching tasks via repeated `async()` function calls on the same object tells the compiler to reuse that object's hardware. Thus, you can control the reuse or replication of FPGA hardware by the number of `task_sequence` objects you declare. Since object lifetime is confined to the scope in which the `task_sequence` object is created, carefully declare your object in the scope in which you intend to reuse it.
```

# pro english move: active voice
_avoid turning verbs into nouns_

*Using* the 'active voice' makes your text easier to read.

vs

*The usage of* the 'active voice' can result in text that is easier to read

> In the `task_sequence` directory, the device code declares the task sequence object once, and invokes it inside the loop, and at the return point.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the `task_sequence` directory, the device code declares the task sequence object once, and invokes it inside the loop, and at the return point. Notice how the `async()` and `get()` calls appear in separate loops, so that the `OpSqrt()` can be pipelined.
```

   1. Compile for emulation (fast compile time, targets emulated FPGA device).
      ```
      nmake fpga_emu
      ```
   2. Generate the optimization report. 
      ```
      nmake report
      ```
   3. Compile for simulation (fast compile time, targets simulator FPGA device).
      ```
      nmake fpga_sim
      ```
   4. Compile with Quartus place and route (To get accurate area estimate, longer compile time).
      ```
      nmake fpga
      ```

> **Note**: If you encounter any issues with long paths when compiling under Windows*, you may have to create your ‘build’ directory in a shorter path, for example `C:\samples\build`.  You can then run cmake from that directory, and provide cmake with the full path to your sample directory.

### Read the Reports
Locate `report.html` in the `naive.report.prj/reports/`, `naive_loop.report.prj/reports/` and `task_sequences.report.prj/reports/` directory.

Navigate to **System Resource Utilization Summary** (Summary > System Resource Utilization Summary) and compare the estimated area numbers in these report. You may found that area usage has been estimated to decrease as we moved towards task sequence implementation.

> Locate `report.html` in the `naive.report.prj/reports/` directory and navigate to *System Viewer: Kernel system > VectorOpID > VectorOpID.B0 > Cluster 1* and *Cluster 2* to see FOUR `Floating-point sqrt` illustrated, representing FOUR replicate of hardware to be generated to complete the design.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Naive
The four instances of `OpSqrt()` are split across two clusters in the report. Locate `report.html` in the `naive.report.prj/reports/` directory and navigate to *System Viewer: Kernel system > VectorOpID > VectorOpID.B0 > Cluster 1* and *Cluster 2* to see FOUR `Floating-point sqrt` illustrated, representing FOUR replicate of hardware to be generated to complete the design.
```

<table>
<tr>
<td>
<img src="assets/naive_cluster1.svg" />
</td>
<td>
<img src="assets/naive_cluster2.svg" />
</td>
</tr>
</table>

> Locate `report.html` in the `naive_loop.report.prj/reports/` directory.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Loop
Locate `report.html` in the `naive_loop.report.prj/reports/` directory.
```

Navigate to *System Viewer: Kernel system > VectorOpID > VectorOpID.B1 > Cluster 2* to see each loop invoke the same ONE `Floating-point sqrt`. 
Navigate to *System Viewer: Kernel system > VectorOpID > VectorOpID.B2 > Cluster 3* to find another `Floating-point sqrt`.

> Total TWO replicate of hardware used in this design.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There are a total TWO replicates of the `OpSqrt()` hardware used in this design.
```

<table>
<tr>
<td>
<img src="assets/loop_cluster2.svg" />
</td>
<td>
<img src="assets/loop_cluster3.svg" />
</td>
</tr>

> </table>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<tr>
<td>
CAPTION PLEASE
</td>
<td>
CAPTION PLEASE
</td>
</table>
```

> Locate `report.html` in the `task_sequences.report.prj/reports/` directory.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Task sequence
Locate `report.html` in the `task_sequences.report.prj/reports/` directory.
```

Navigate through the list in **System Viewer**, only ONE block of `Floating-point sqrt` can be found under *System Viewer: Kernel system > 3ull>) > 3ull>).B1 > Cluster 6*
<img src="assets/taskseq_cluster6.svg" />

> 

Reviewer 3: If you would like to add a table of expected area utilization, please open a case to Jessica Davies to get someone from engineering to include the area check in a regtest.

# `Hardware Reuse` Sample

This sample is a tutorial that demonstrates how to reuse hardware in your FPGA designs by using loops and task sequences.

| Area                 | Description
|:--                   |:--
| What you will learn  | How to code your FPGA SYCL program to reuse hardware that has same functionality
| Time to complete     | 30 minutes
| Category             | Concepts and Functionality

## Purpose

In normal operation, the oneAPI FPGA compiler automatically in-lines repeated function calls, creating multiple instances of hardware that can run in parallel. This in-lining strategy is necessary to achieve high throughput, but in cases where you want to minimize area utilization, you may wish to sacrifice throughput and allow certain functions to be re-used. This sample demonstrates two strategies to re-use hardware in your designs:

1. Calling a function in a loop will cause it to only be instantiated once

> 2. Calling a function in a task sequence lets you re-use a function in cases where it is not practical to re-use it in a loop.

Reviewer 4: I am not very sure how we word task sequence :)
is it "Calling a function in a task sequence" or "launch a task sequence with a function callback" ?

Author: Refering back to our handbook, it says launching tasking sequence :)

   tier4("Tier 4: Explore the Reference Designs")

   tier1 --> tier2 --> tier3 --> tier4

   style tier1 fill:#0071c1,stroke:#0071c1,stroke-width:1px,color:#fff
   style tier2 fill:#f96,stroke:#333,stroke-width:1px,color:#fff
   style tier3 fill:#0071c1,stroke:#0071c1,stroke-width:1px,color:#fff
   style tier4 fill:#0071c1,stroke:#0071c1,stroke-width:1px,color:#fff
```

Find more information about how to navigate this part of the code samples in the [FPGA top-level README.md](/DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/README.md).
You can also find more information about [troubleshooting build errors](/DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/README.md#troubleshooting), [running the sample on the Intel® DevCloud](/DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/README.md#build-and-run-the-samples-on-intel-devcloud-optional), [using Visual Studio Code with the code samples](/DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/README.md#use-visual-studio-code-vs-code-optional), [links to selected documentation](/DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/README.md#documentation), etc.

## Key Implementation Details

This sample illustrates some key concepts:
- Simple hardware reuse by invoking the function task in a 'for' loop.

> - More flexible hardware reuse by invoking the function task using a task sequence wrapper object.

Reviewer 2: Do we want to use "task function" instead of "function task"?

### No resource sharing

> This tutorial demonstrates a design that computes the 'square root of a dot product' multiple times. This function is contained within `OpSqrt()`. Without resource sharing, multiple identical compute blocks for `OpSqrt()` are generated on the FPGA. 

Reviewer 4: > This function is contained within `OpSqrt()`

I don't really understand this sentence. Is it "This function is called within the kernel" ?

Author: let me try rephase it:
This tutorial demonstrates a design that computes the 'square root of a dot product' multiple times. This operation is contained within a function named `OpSqrt()`.

will this be better?

</td>

</tr>
</table>

By sharing the compute block using a loop or task sequence, we can tell the compiler to re-use the compute block, and avoid replicating the compute block hardware on the FPGA. The important trade-off made by resource sharing is that multiple invocations of the same compute block will block each other, so the II of the loop in which the shared compute block is called will increase.

### Resource sharing with a loop
Instead of invoking the `OpSqrt()` function one by one, you may re-use the function by calling it in a loop. In the `loop` directory, the device code calls the `OpSqrt()` function in a loop.

<table>
<tr>
<td>

```c++
struct VectorOp{
  int len;

  void operator()() const{
    constexpr D3Vector coef1 = {0.2, 0.3, 0.4};
    constexpr D3Vector coef2 = {0.6, 0.7, 0.8};

    D3Vector new_item;

    // Calling OpSqrt() in a loop will re-use it
    for (int i = 0; i < 3; i++){
      D3Vector item = InputPipeA::read();
      new_item[i] = OpSqrt(item, coef1);
    }

    // Another square root block 
    // will be generated for this function call
    OutputPipeZ::write(OpSqrt(new_item, coef2));
  }
};
```

</td>

<td>

> <img src="assets/hardware_reuse_loop.svg" />

Reviewer 2: The figures' black colored arrows are not visible for Dark theme users.

| Invocation Capacity* | `uint32_t` | 1 | The size of the hardware queue instantiated for `async()` function calls.
| Response Capacity* | `uint32_t` | 1 | The size of the hardware queue instantiated to hold task function results.

> *Invocation capacity and response capacity are optional 
The following example shows how to use task sequences to

Each task sequence class object represents a specific instantiation of FPGA hardware to perform the operation defined by the 'Task function' parameter.
Launching tasks via repeated `async()` function calls on the same object tells the compiler to reuse that object's hardware. Thus, you can control the reuse or replication of FPGA hardware by the number of `task_sequence` objects you declare. Since object lifetime is confined to the scope in which the `task_sequence` object is created, carefully declare your object in the scope in which you intend to reuse it.

> In the `task_sequence` directory, the device code declares the task sequence object once, and invokes it inside the loop, and at the return point. Notice how the `async()` and `get()` calls appear in separate loops, so that the `OpSqrt()` can be pipelined.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In the `task_sequence` directory, the device code declares the task sequence object once, and invokes it inside the loop, and at the return point. Notice how the `async()` and `get()` calls appear in separate loops, so that the instance of `task_a` can be pipelined.
```

      ```
      nmake fpga
      ```

> **Note**: If you encounter any issues with long paths when compiling under Windows*, you may have to create your ‘build’ directory in a shorter path, for example `C:\samples\build`.  You can then run cmake from that directory, and provide cmake with the full path to your sample directory.

### Read the Reports
Locate `report.html` in the `naive.report.prj/reports/`, `naive_loop.report.prj/reports/` and `task_sequences.report.prj/reports/` directory.

Navigate to **System Resource Utilization Summary** (Summary > System Resource Utilization Summary) and compare the estimated area numbers in these report. You may found that area usage has been estimated to decrease as we moved towards task sequence implementation.

#### Naive
The four instances of `OpSqrt()` are split across two clusters in the report. Locate `report.html` in the `naive.report.prj/reports/` directory and navigate to *System Viewer: Kernel system > IDVectorOp > IDVectorOp.B0 > Cluster 1* and *Cluster 2* to see FOUR `Floating-point sqrt` illustrated, representing FOUR replicate of hardware to be generated to complete the design.

> <table>

Reviewer 5: Remove HTML code, this should be pure markdown format
